
    HIP: 10
    Title: Compack storage in linearly ordered block DAG 
    Author: Tony Zhou<tony.zhouhj@gmail.com>
    Category: Storage
    Status: Draft
    Created: 2019-4-8

## Abstract
Block DAG would inevitably avoid duplicated transactions in blocks. If block DAG is linearly ordered, such as PHANTOM protocol, we could store the full transactions in blocks if they never appear in former blocks whereas we store only the transaction IDs if they appear.

## Motivation
In block DAG paradigm, blocks are generated in parallel, so it is invetibly avoid transaction collisions, which would reduce the storage efficiency. The throuput of Block DAG is high in general and it makes ledger storage intensive, therefore storage efficiency becomes particulaly important.

## Specification
### Notation
- $tx$: transaction
- $B$:  block
- $pre(B)$: blocks prior to block B in the linear order. Note this is diffferent than ancestors, ancestors are prior to B in topological partial order whereas $pre(B)$ may not have.

### Definition

## Backwards Compatibility
All HIPs that introduce backwards incompatibilities must include a section describing these incompatibilities and their severity. The HIP must explain how the author proposes to deal with these incompatibilities. HIP submissions without a sufficient backwards compatibility treatise may be rejected outright.

## Use Cases
The Use case for an implementation are mandatory in most case. sometimes it exchangable with test cases.

## Implementation
The implementations must be completed before any HIP is given status "Final", but it need not be completed before the HIP is accepted.

## Test Cases
Test cases for an implementation are mandatory in most case. it can choose to include links to test cases if applicable.

## See also
The references links might list here

